Storage Blobs API (#1960)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: README.md

The Azure SDK for Embedded C repo has been structured around the service libraries it provides:

1. [IoT](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/iot) - Library to connect Embedded Devices to Azure IoT services

> 2. [Storage](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/storage) - Library to handle blob uploads to Azure Storage services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Storage](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/main/sdk/docs/storage) - Library to handle blob download from and upload to Azure Storage
```
